log-detective.com announced (#74)
fedora-copr/fedora-copr.github.io: _posts/2024-01-16-log-detective.md

---

> title: AI-driven Build Failure diagnosis?

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the question mark at the end.

Can you please explain to me why the title looks like a question?

author: The Log Detective team
layout: post
---

We are delighted to introduce [Log Detective](https://log-detective.com/), an
exciting new project at the intersection of artificial intelligence and error
pattern detection in build logs. Unlike traditional approaches, *Log Detective*
relies on your valuable input to kickstart its journey.

What is Log Detective?
----------------------

Log Detective takes a new approach by seeking insights directly from
maintainers willing to help other fellow maintainers.  Instead of using

> pre-trained generic models, we want to train AI only on sentences and language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pre-trained generic models, we want to offer a customized AI system only on sentences and language
```

"train AI" seems unprofessional to me
